Added documentation for Introspection API (#17753)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/inspect/index.mdx

---
layout: api

> page_title: /sys/internal/inspect - HTTP API

Reviewer: The RFC mentions that because this would expose information at a similar sensitivity to `sys/raw`, there would be more required to enable the endpoint. We should document somewhere how to enable and disable the feature. `sys/raw` config is documented here https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/configuration#parameters and the API docs (https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/system/raw) link to that page.

Author: Ah yes - added this as well.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the link, but I think we also should document what they need to change in the configuration to enable this?

description: >-

>   This endpoint is intended to inspect a specific internal subsytem for debugging purposes. It can be accessed with a root token or sudo priveleges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This endpoint is intended to inspect a specific internal subsystem for debugging purposes. It can be accessed with a root token or sudo privileges.
```

---

# `/sys/internal/inspect`

> The `/sys/internal/inspect` is intended to inspect a specific internal subsystem for debugging purposes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `/sys/internal/inspect` family of endpoints is intended to inspect a specific internal subsystem for debugging purposes.
```

> It can be accessed with a root token or sudo privileges.

Reviewer: I think it would be good to set expectations about who is intended to use this endpoint (interpreting output will require some familiarity with the Vault codebase and will not immediately point to obvious issues).

Author: Added this information in the current commit!

Reviewer: I'm ok leaving the language as-is. I tend to think of our "admin" persona as someone who doesn't necessarily do a ton of application development, but is in more of either an "ops admin" or "compliance/iam admin" type of role. I'm not sure whether most people in those roles would be able to draw conclusions about what's wrong with their Vault instance from this API.

---
layout: api
page_title: /sys/internal/inspect - HTTP API
description: >-
  This endpoint is intended to inspect a specific internal subsystem for debugging purposes. It can be accessed with a root token or sudo privileges
  This endpoint is off by default. See the
  [Vault configuration documentation](/docs/configuration) to
  enable.
---

# `/sys/internal/inspect`

The `/sys/internal/inspect` is intended to inspect a specific internal subsystem for debugging purposes.
It can be accessed with a root token or sudo privileges.

## Supported Inspection Paths

> - [Router](/api-docs/system/internal/inspect/router)

Reviewer: In the vercel preview, this link is broken - I think because the `path` in the api-docs-nav json doesn't have the `internal` part of the link.

Author: Fixed this in the current commit
